Arham Arshad
B00768939
CSCI 2170 
Assignment 5

FILES UPDATE:
Sessions added to all files.
Login functionality implemented.
logout functionality implemented.
Logout.php also included in A5 folder.

Files for assignment 5 are all stored in the files folder.
Lastly, a secure login and password check has been implemented along with the use of prepared statements on each page

index.php and post.php
Dynamically added functionality to both pages using content provided. Added php code to display all the comments and posts dynamically on the web page.
Used files functions, GET and POST methods and forms to display all the web content. 
Purpose of each site:
Picturegram shares a similar concept to that of Instagram. It is a dynamic website that allows users to post pictures and also view/comment on other users' posts. The website has the follow pages:
Home - where you see all the latest posts by other users
About - Gives you the information about the user
Login - Ask for your credentials to login in to your account
Add post - Lets you add a new post to your feed
Post - lets you view a post fully (when clicked on from the home page)

Adaption of templates:
The website required the adoption of two templates:
The main template was Bootstrap's Clean Blog Theme retrieved from https://startbootstrap.com/themes/clean-blog/ Friday October 2nd 2020 which serves as the main code for the web pages such as Home, About, Login and Add Post.

The second template used was the comment section code from the Bootstrap Blog Post template retrieved from from https://startbootstrap.com/templates/blog-post/ on Friday October 2nd 2020

Functions such as array_filter() and array_values() were referenced from 
https://www.w3schools.com/php/DEFAULT.asp

Images used in the page were provided by the instructor, text was dummy text generated from lorem ipsum.

No such additional CSS was used. 

Description of database:
The database called PictureGram (located in the files folder) is a database containing three tables; Users, Post and Comments. Each table is responsible for dynamically displaying data on the website.

Using multiple SELECT and INSERT statements I successfully displayed content on the database.

Methods like strtoftime() was referenced from w3schools.org